# Medieval-Times
This program models a game of medieval times, utilizing different types of characters. There are a variety of characters, and the following are their roles:  
Nobles: Nobles don't have much to do except do battle with each other. A battle is to the death. The losing noble dies as does his warriors. The winner does not usually walk away unscarred. All his men lose a portion of their strength equal to the ratio of the enemy army's combined strenth to their army's. If the losing army had a combined strength that was 1/4 the size of the winning army's, then each soldier in the winning army will have their own strength reduced by 1/4.  
Nobles come in two varieties with rather fancy sounding titles:  
Those With Strength to Fight: This type of Noble is rather different from those we have encountered before. They actually do their own fighting! Those With Strength to Fight will fight using only their ownstrength. They do not hire anyone to fight for them and therefore do not have an army. They are born with a certain strength and they have no hope, neither through magic nor excessive exercise, to ever again increase their strength. Alas, our poor fighters will eventually have no strength left with which to fight and thus they shall meet their final demise.
Those Who are Lords of the Land: Those Who are Lords of the Land have no strength of their own but are able to fight with a certain strength by delegating their fighting to Protectors of the Nobles who have been hired by Those Who are Lords of the Land. A Lord's strength is the combined strength of his defenders. Warriors are hired and fired by Nobles. Lack of adequate labor laws, have left the Warriors without the ability to quit, nor even to have a say on whether or not a Noble can hire them. Warriors can be fired as well. A battle between nobles is won by the noble who commands the stronger army.  
Protectors: they are entities for hire with strength to defend. The amount thereof set at birth. Lords approach Protectors to attempt to engage the service of the Protector. A Lord asks of the Protector if they are at present hired to serve another Lord and if the Protector states that he is, no transaction can take place. However if the transaction can be made, it is - and the Protector is, from that moment onward, in the service of the Lord as defender. Each Protector starts out with a name and a certain amount of strength. Each time he fights, he loses some strength. (He gets to keep his name.) If his opponent is stronger than he is, then he loses all of his strength, in which case he is dead, or at the very least pretty useless as a fighter. Otherwise he loses as much strength as his opponent had. Of course, if he and his opponent had the same strength then they are both losers. In this land there are two kinds of Protectors:  
Wizards: Wizards state "POOF". It is such a hard job to control the strength expended with magic!    
Warriors: There are, further, two kinds of Warriors whose strength is spent in much more known ways:  
Archers: who defend by stating "TWANG! <archer's name> says: Take that in the name of my lord, __________" (whence he shouts the name of the lord he is sworn to defend)  
Swordsmen: who defend by stating "CLANG! <swordsman's name>says: Take that in the name of my lord, __________" (whence he shouts the name of the lord he is sworn to defend)  
A sample of a game can be found in medieval_times.cpp.





